So now let's go ahead
and create our first records in Route 53.
So I'm going to go into my hosted zone,
and in there I'm going to create some simple records.
So let's have a look.
We're going to create a record by clicking on here.
And in here, I can just have a record name.
So we want it to be test.stephanetheteacher.com.
But you can enter anything you want here.
This is how you would create your domain names.
Now you have to specify the record type.
So you can see there's a lot of record types in here,
but for now we'll keep it simple.
We'll keep it as an A record.
And which is to route an IPv4 address
into a domain name, to an IPv4 address.
So the answer is going to be
value is 1, 1, dot, 2, 2, dot, 3, 3, dot, four four.
Which is just a value we want to have,
and this is not a domain, an IP we own right now,
but just to show you just a random value.
Later on, we'll be routing to a real institute instance.
Okay.
TTL is time to live.
We'll leave it as 300 seconds right now.
And the routing policy will
routing policy will have a look at it later on as well.
We'll leave everything as simple routing. Okay.
So let's go ahead and create this record.
And now my record has been successfully created.
So the idea is that if I go to test.stephanetheteacher.com,
it is going to ask my host zone.
What is the value of that? And those isn't going to say,
well, the value of it is 1, 1, dot, 2, 2, dot,
3, 3, dot, 4, 4.
So if you try it to do it with a web browser,
so if you take your browser and you open it
and you press enter,
and it's not going to show you many things,
because right now we don't have 11.22.33.44,
there's probably no server that exists with that IP as well.
And if I try to just access this URL,
it doesn't work. Okay.
So what we know is what is going on behind the scenes.
And so for this, we're going to type some command lines.
Now you can be using your command line
on your windows laptop, or your Mac,
but because I want everyone to follow the same way as me,
I'm going to show you how to do it using
the CloudTrail environments in AWS.
So let me open the management console,
and then I'm going to click here to open cloud shell and
cloud shell is going to allow me to do some commands using
a standard Linux command line interface. Okay.
But this is fine,
if you want to just do it with your own terminal on windows
or on Mac.
Okay. So my terminal is not ready.
And if you're on windows,
the NS lookup command is going to work. If you're on Mac,
the dig command is going to work as well.
But as you can see, these commands are not found
on my cloud shell.
So I need you to install them.
So I do sudo yum, and then install
minus Y and then bind
minus utils.
And it's going to install both VNS lookup
and the dig commands on my cloud shell.
So lets clear the screen.
And now let's try to do NS lookup,
test.stephanietheteacher.com.
And as you can see, I get an answer,
which is at test.stephanietheteacher.com,
is going to 11.22.33.44,
which is corresponding to what is happening right here,
which is cool.
And I presented like the dig command a little bit more
because I'm more familiar with it,
but if you type dig and then the URL that you have,
okay.
And press enter,
you're going to see that and have the wrong commands.
So stefantheteacher.com,
so let's clear this screen and then retype the comments.
Okay.
Well here, we're going to see
is that we have the answer section
and says, test.stephanetheteacher.com is an a record,
and this is the value of the record. So I like it better,
better, because it shows you the TTL, as we'll see later on,
and also shows you the a record,
the fact that isn't a record. Okay.
So we have created our first route 53 record,
and we have been able to query it using a terminal,
which is cool.
Obviously loading it from a webpage doesn't work right now,
but we'll see how we can do it later on
when we have a real server.
So I hope you liked this lecture
and I will see you in the next lecture.